.TH "fsal_access.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_access.c \- FSAL access permissions functions.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_access\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_object_handle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_accessflags_t access_type, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_object_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
FSAL access permissions functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/17 14:20:07 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.16 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_access.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_access (fsal_handle_t * p_object_handle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_accessflags_t access_type, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_object_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_access : Tests whether the user or entity identified by its cred can access the object identified by object_handle, as indicated by the access_type parameters.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobject_handle\fP (input): The handle of the object to test permissions on. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIaccess_type\fP (input): Indicates the permissions to test. This is an inclusive OR of the permissions to be checked for the user identified by cred. Permissions constants are :
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_R_OK : test for read permission
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_W_OK : test for write permission
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_X_OK : test for exec permission
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_F_OK : test for file existence 
.PP
.br
\fIobject_attributes\fP (optional input/output): The post operation attributes for the object. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file fsal_access.c.
.PP
References FSAL_getattrs().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library from the source code.
