.TH "fsal_attrs.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_attrs.c \- Attributes functions. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <utime.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_getattrs\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_object_attributes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_setattrs\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_attrib_set, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_object_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Attributes functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/09/09 15:22:49 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.19 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_attrs.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_getattrs (fsal_handle_t * p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_object_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_getattrs: Get attributes for the object specified by its filehandle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilehandle\fP (input): The handle of the object to get parameters. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIobject_attributes\fP (mandatory input/output): The retrieved attributes for the object. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains).
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file fsal_attrs.c.
.PP
References fsal_internal_getPathFromHandle().
.PP
Referenced by FSAL_access(), FSAL_readlink(), FSAL_rename(), FSAL_setattrs(), and FSAL_truncate().
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_setattrs (fsal_handle_t * p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_attrib_set, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_object_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_setattrs: Set attributes for the object specified by its filehandle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilehandle\fP (input): The handle of the object to get parameters. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIattrib_set\fP (mandatory input): The attributes to be set for the object. It defines the attributes that the caller wants to set and their values. 
.br
\fIobject_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): The post operation attributes for the object. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 107 of file fsal_attrs.c.
.PP
References fsal2unix_mode(), FSAL_getattrs(), fsal_internal_getPathFromHandle(), posix2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library from the source code.
