.TH "fsal_fsinfo.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_fsinfo.c \- functions for retrieving filesystem info.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/statvfs.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_static_fsinfo\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_staticfsinfo_t *p_staticinfo)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_dynamic_fsinfo\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_dynamicfsinfo_t *p_dynamicinfo)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
functions for retrieving filesystem info. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/17 14:20:07 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.7 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_fsinfo.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_dynamic_fsinfo (fsal_handle_t * p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_dynamicfsinfo_t * p_dynamicinfo)"
.PP
FSAL_dynamic_fsinfo: Return dynamic filesystem info such as used size, free size, number of objects...
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilehandle\fP (input): Handle of an object in the filesystem whom info is to be retrieved. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIdynamicinfo\fP (output): Pointer to the static info of the filesystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes:
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR: no error.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT: NULL pointer passed as input parameter.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_SERVERFAULT: Unexpected error. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file fsal_fsinfo.c.
.PP
References fsal_internal_getPathFromHandle(), posix2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_static_fsinfo (fsal_handle_t * p_filehandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_staticfsinfo_t * p_staticinfo)"
.PP
FSAL_static_fsinfo: Return static filesystem info such as behavior, configuration, supported operations...
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilehandle\fP (input): Handle of an object in the filesystem whom info is to be retrieved. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIstaticinfo\fP (output): Pointer to the static info of the filesystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes:
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR: no error.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT: NULL pointer passed as input parameter.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_SERVERFAULT: Unexpected error. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file fsal_fsinfo.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library from the source code.
