.TH "Credential handling functions." 3 "15 Sep 2010" "Version 0.1" "File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Credential handling functions. \- 
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBPOSIXFSAL_BuildExportContext\fP (posixfsal_export_context_t *p_export_context, fsal_path_t *p_export_path, char *fs_specific_options)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBPOSIXFSAL_CleanUpExportContext\fP (posixfsal_export_context_t *p_export_context)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBPOSIXFSAL_InitClientContext\fP (posixfsal_op_context_t *p_thr_context)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBPOSIXFSAL_GetClientContext\fP (posixfsal_op_context_t *p_thr_context, posixfsal_export_context_t *p_export_context, fsal_uid_t uid, fsal_gid_t gid, fsal_gid_t *alt_groups, fsal_count_t nb_alt_groups)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Those functions handle security contexts (credentials). 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t POSIXFSAL_BuildExportContext (posixfsal_export_context_t * p_export_context, fsal_path_t * p_export_path, char * fs_specific_options)"Parse FS specific option string to build the export entry option. 
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file fsal_context.c.
.SS "fsal_status_t POSIXFSAL_CleanUpExportContext (posixfsal_export_context_t * p_export_context)"FSAL_CleanUpExportContext : this will clean up and state in an export that was created during the BuildExportContext phase. For many FSALs this may be a noop.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp_export_context\fP (in, gpfsfsal_export_context_t) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 103 of file fsal_context.c.
.SS "fsal_status_t POSIXFSAL_GetClientContext (posixfsal_op_context_t * p_thr_context, posixfsal_export_context_t * p_export_context, fsal_uid_t uid, fsal_gid_t gid, fsal_gid_t * alt_groups, fsal_count_t nb_alt_groups)"FSAL_GetUserCred : Get a user credential from its uid.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp_cred\fP (in out, posixfsal_cred_t *) Initialized credential to be changed for representing user. 
.br
\fIuid\fP (in, fsal_uid_t) user identifier. 
.br
\fIgid\fP (in, fsal_gid_t) group identifier. 
.br
\fIalt_groups\fP (in, fsal_gid_t *) list of alternative groups. 
.br
\fInb_alt_groups\fP (in, fsal_count_t) number of alternative groups.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
major codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_PERM : the current user cannot get credentials for this uid.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT : Bad adress parameter.
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_SERVERFAULT : unexpected error. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 175 of file fsal_context.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library from the source code.
