.TH "fsal_rename.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_rename.c \- object renaming/moving function.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_rename\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_old_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t *p_old_name, fsal_handle_t *p_new_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t *p_new_name, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_src_dir_attributes, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_tgt_dir_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
object renaming/moving function. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/24 13:45:37 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.9 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_rename.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_rename (fsal_handle_t * p_old_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t * p_old_name, fsal_handle_t * p_new_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t * p_new_name, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_src_dir_attributes, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_tgt_dir_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_rename: Change name and/or parent dir of a filesystem object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIold_parentdir_handle\fP (input): Source parent directory of the object is to be moved/renamed. 
.br
\fIp_old_name\fP (input): Pointer to the current name of the object to be moved/renamed. 
.br
\fInew_parentdir_handle\fP (input): Target parent directory for the object. 
.br
\fIp_new_name\fP (input): Pointer to the new name for the object. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIsrc_dir_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): Post operation attributes for the source directory. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL. 
.br
\fItgt_dir_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): Post operation attributes for the target directory. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file fsal_rename.c.
.PP
References FSAL_getattrs(), FSAL_handlecmp(), fsal_internal_appendFSALNameToFSALPath(), fsal_internal_getPathFromHandle(), fsal_internal_posix2posixdb_fileinfo(), FSAL_pathcpy(), posix2fsal_error(), posixdb2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library from the source code.
