.TH "fsal_symlinks.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_symlinks.c \- symlinks operations.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_readlink\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_linkhandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_path_t *p_link_content, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_link_attributes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_symlink\fP (fsal_handle_t *p_parent_directory_handle, fsal_name_t *p_linkname, fsal_path_t *p_linkcontent, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_accessmode_t accessmode, fsal_handle_t *p_link_handle, fsal_attrib_list_t *p_link_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
symlinks operations. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/07/29 09:39:04 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.15 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_symlinks.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_readlink (fsal_handle_t * p_linkhandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_path_t * p_link_content, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_link_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_readlink: Read the content of a symbolic link.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlinkhandle\fP (input): Handle of the link to be read. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIp_link_content\fP (output): Pointer to an fsal path structure where the link content is to be stored.. 
.br
\fIlink_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): The post operation attributes of the symlink link. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 47 of file fsal_symlinks.c.
.PP
References FSAL_getattrs(), fsal_internal_getPathFromHandle(), FSAL_str2path(), posix2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_symlink (fsal_handle_t * p_parent_directory_handle, fsal_name_t * p_linkname, fsal_path_t * p_linkcontent, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_accessmode_t accessmode, fsal_handle_t * p_link_handle, fsal_attrib_list_t * p_link_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_symlink: Create a symbolic link.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent_directory_handle\fP (input): Handle of the parent directory where the link is to be created. 
.br
\fIp_linkname\fP (input): Name of the link to be created. 
.br
\fIp_linkcontent\fP (input): Content of the link to be created. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIaccessmode\fP (ignored input): Mode of the link to be created. It has no sense in HPSS nor UNIX filesystems. 
.br
\fIlink_handle\fP (output): Pointer to the handle of the created symlink. 
.br
\fIlink_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): Attributes of the newly created symlink. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 142 of file fsal_symlinks.c.
.PP
References fsal_internal_appendFSALNameToFSALPath(), fsal_internal_getPathFromHandle(), fsal_internal_posix2posixdb_fileinfo(), posix2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (POSIX) library from the source code.
