.TH "nfs_ip_name.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Support routines layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
nfs_ip_name.c \- The management of the IP/name cache. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_core.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_exports.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'config_parsing.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/socket.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <netinet/in.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <arpa/inet.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long int \fBip_name_value_hash_func\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long int \fBip_name_rbt_hash_func\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcompare_ip_name\fP (hash_buffer_t *buff1, hash_buffer_t *buff2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisplay_ip_name\fP (hash_buffer_t *pbuff, char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisplay_ip_value\fP (hash_buffer_t *pbuff, char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_ip_name_add\fP (unsigned int ipaddr, char *hostname)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_ip_name_get\fP (unsigned int ipaddr, char *hostname)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_ip_name_remove\fP (int ipaddr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Init_ip_name\fP (nfs_ip_name_parameter_t param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_ip_name_populate\fP (char *path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnfs_ip_name_get_stats\fP (hash_stat_t *phstat)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "hash_table_t * \fBht_ip_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBexpiration_time\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The management of the IP/name cache. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/20 07:39:23 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.6 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBnfs_ip_name.c\fP : The management of the IP/name cache.
.PP
\fBHeader\fP.RS 4
/cea/S/home/cvs/cvs/SHERPA/BaseCvs/GANESHA/src/support/nfs_ip_name.c,v 1.6 2006/01/20 07:39:23 leibovic Exp 
.RE
.PP
.PP
\fBLog\fP.RS 4
\fBnfs_ip_name.c\fP,v 
.RE
.PP
Revision 1.6 2006/01/20 07:39:23 leibovic Back to the previous version.
.PP
Revision 1.4 2005/11/28 17:03:03 deniel Added CeCILL headers
.PP
Revision 1.3 2005/11/24 13:44:29 deniel ajout du remove dans ipname track list in nfs_mnt_listc.
.PP
Revision 1.2 2005/11/10 07:53:25 deniel Corrected some memory leaks
.PP
Revision 1.1 2005/11/08 15:22:24 deniel WildCard and Netgroup entry for exportlist are now supported
.PP
Definition in file \fBnfs_ip_name.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int compare_ip_name (hash_buffer_t * buff1, hash_buffer_t * buff2)"
.PP
compare_ip_name: compares the ip address stored in the key buffers.
.PP
compare the ip address stored in the key buffers. This function is to be used as 'compare_key' field in the hashtable storing the nfs duplicated requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuff1\fP [IN] first key 
.br
\fIbuff2\fP [IN] second key
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if keys are identifical, 1 if they are different. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 187 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.SS "int display_ip_name (hash_buffer_t * pbuff, char * str)"
.PP
display_ip_name: displays the ip_name stored in the buffer.
.PP
displays the ip_name stored in the buffer. This function is to be used as 'key_to_str' field in the hashtable storing the nfs duplicated requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuff1\fP [IN] buffer to display 
.br
\fIbuff2\fP [OUT] output string
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
number of character written. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 208 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.SS "int display_ip_value (hash_buffer_t * pbuff, char * str)"
.PP
Definition at line 220 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.SS "unsigned long int ip_name_rbt_hash_func (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
ip_name_rbt_hash_func: computes the rbt value for the entry in IP/name cache.
.PP
Computes the rbt value for the entry in IP/name cache. In fact, it just use the address value itself (which is an unsigned integer) as the rbt value. This function is called internal in the HasTable_* function
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhparam\fP [IN] hash table parameter. 
.br
\fIbuffcleff[in]\fP pointer to the hash key buffer
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the computed rbt value.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_Init 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 168 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.SS "unsigned long int ip_name_value_hash_func (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
ip_name_rbt_hash_func: computes the hash value for the entry in IP/name cache.
.PP
Computes the hash value for the entry in IP/name cache. In fact, it just use addresse as value (identity function) modulo the size of the hash. This function is called internal in the HasTable_* function
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhparam\fP [IN] hash table parameter. 
.br
\fIbuffcleff[in]\fP pointer to the hash key buffer
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the computed hash value.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_Init 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 146 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.SS "int nfs_Init_ip_name (nfs_ip_name_parameter_t param)"
.PP
nfs_Init_ip_name: Init the hashtable for IP/name cache.
.PP
Perform all the required initialization for hashtable IP/name cache
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] parameter used to init the ip name cache
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if successful, -1 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 393 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
References expiration_time, and ht_ip_name.
.SS "int nfs_ip_name_add (unsigned int ipaddr, char * hostname)"
.PP
nfs_ip_name_add: adds an entry in the duplicate requests cache.
.PP
Adds an entry in the duplicate requests cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIipaddr\fP [IN] the ipaddr to be used as key 
.br
\fIhostname\fP [IN] the hostname added (found by using gethostbyaddr)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
IP_NAME_SUCCESS if successfull
.br
. 
.PP
IP_NAME_INSERT_MALLOC_ERROR if an error occured during the insertion process 
.br
 
.PP
IP_NAME_NETDB_ERROR if an error occured during the netdb query (via gethostbyaddr). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 249 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
References ht_ip_name.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_export_check_access().
.SS "int nfs_ip_name_get (unsigned int ipaddr, char * hostname)"
.PP
nfs_ip_name_get: Tries to get an entry for ip_name cache.
.PP
Tries to get an entry for ip_name cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIipaddr\fP [IN] the ip address requested 
.br
\fIhostname\fP [OUT] the hostname
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the result previously set if *pstatus == IP_NAME_SUCCESS 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 318 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
References ht_ip_name.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_export_check_access().
.SS "void nfs_ip_name_get_stats (hash_stat_t * phstat)"
.PP
nfs_ip_name_get_stats: gets the hash table statistics for the IP_NAME Table.
.PP
Gets the hash table statistics for the IP_NAME Table.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIphstat\fP [OUT] pointer to the resulting stats.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
nothing (void function)
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_GetStats 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 505 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
References ht_ip_name.
.SS "int nfs_ip_name_populate (char * path)"
.PP
Definition at line 408 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
References ht_ip_name.
.SS "int nfs_ip_name_remove (int ipaddr)"
.PP
nfs_ip_name_remove: Tries to remove an entry for ip_name cache
.PP
Tries to remove an entry for ip_name cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIipaddr\fP [IN] the ip address to be uncached.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the result previously set if *pstatus == IP_NAME_SUCCESS 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 356 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
References ht_ip_name.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned int \fBexpiration_time\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_Init_ip_name().
.SS "hash_table_t* \fBht_ip_name\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file nfs_ip_name.c.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_Init_ip_name(), nfs_ip_name_add(), nfs_ip_name_get(), nfs_ip_name_get_stats(), nfs_ip_name_populate(), and nfs_ip_name_remove().
.SS "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file test_clientid.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Support routines layer from the source code.
