.TH "nfs_client_id.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Support routines layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
nfs_client_id.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_core.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_exports.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'config_parsing.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs4.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'SHA1.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBstrnlen\fP (const char *s, size_t maxlen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBclient_id_value_hash_func\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBclient_id_value_hash_func_reverse\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBclient_id_rbt_hash_func\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBclient_id_rbt_hash_func_reverse\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcompare_client_id\fP (hash_buffer_t *buff1, hash_buffer_t *buff2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcompare_client_id_reverse\fP (hash_buffer_t *buff1, hash_buffer_t *buff2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisplay_client_id\fP (hash_buffer_t *pbuff, char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisplay_client_id_reverse\fP (hash_buffer_t *pbuff, char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisplay_client_id_val\fP (hash_buffer_t *pbuff, char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_client_id_add\fP (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t client_record, nfs_client_id_t *nfs_client_id_pool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_client_id_set\fP (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t client_record, nfs_client_id_t *nfs_client_id_pool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_client_id_get\fP (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t *client_id_res)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_client_id_get_reverse\fP (char *key, nfs_client_id_t *client_id_res)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_client_id_remove\fP (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t *nfs_client_id_pool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Init_client_id\fP (nfs_client_id_parameter_t param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Init_client_id_reverse\fP (nfs_client_id_parameter_t param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_client_id_compute\fP (char *name, clientid4 *pclientid)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_client_id_sha1_compute\fP (char *name, clientid4 *pclientid)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "hash_table_t * \fBht_client_id\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "hash_table_t * \fBht_client_id_reverse\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned long client_id_rbt_hash_func (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
client_id_rbt_hash_func: computes the rbt value for the entry in Client Id cache.
.PP
Computes the rbt value for the entry in Client Id cache. In fact, it just use the address value itself (which is an unsigned integer) as the rbt value. This function is called internal in the HasTable_* function
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhparam\fP [IN] hash table parameter. 
.br
\fIbuffcleff[in]\fP pointer to the hash key buffer
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the computed rbt value.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_Init 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 181 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "unsigned long client_id_rbt_hash_func_reverse (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References nfs_client_id_compute().
.SS "unsigned long client_id_value_hash_func (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
client_id_rbt_hash_func: computes the hash value for the entry in Client Id cache.
.PP
Computes the hash value for the entry in Client Id cache. In fact, it just use addresse as value (identity function) modulo the size of the hash. This function is called internal in the HasTable_* function
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhparam\fP [IN] hash table parameter. 
.br
\fIbuffcleff\fP [IN] pointer to the hash key buffer
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the computed hash value.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_Init 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 123 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "unsigned long client_id_value_hash_func_reverse (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
client_id_reverse_hash_func: computes the hash value for the entry in Client Id cache.
.PP
Computes the hash value for the entry in Client Id cache. In fact, it just use addresse as value (identity function) modulo the size of the hash. This function is called internal in the HasTable_* function
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhparam\fP [IN] hash table parameter. 
.br
\fIbuffcleff\fP [IN] pointer to the hash key buffer
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the computed hash value.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_Init 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 153 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "int compare_client_id (hash_buffer_t * buff1, hash_buffer_t * buff2)"
.PP
compare_client_id: compares the ip address stored in the key buffers.
.PP
compare the ip address stored in the key buffers. This function is to be used as 'compare_key' field in the hashtable storing the nfs duplicated requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuff1\fP [IN] first key 
.br
\fIbuff2\fP [IN] second key
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if keys are identifical, 1 if they are different. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 219 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "int compare_client_id_reverse (hash_buffer_t * buff1, hash_buffer_t * buff2)"
.PP
Definition at line 226 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "int display_client_id (hash_buffer_t * pbuff, char * str)"
.PP
display_client_id: displays the client_id stored in the buffer.
.PP
displays the client_id stored in the buffer. This function is to be used as 'key_to_str' field in the hashtable storing the nfs duplicated requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuff1\fP [IN] buffer to display 
.br
\fIbuff2\fP [OUT] output string
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
number of character written. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 247 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "int display_client_id_reverse (hash_buffer_t * pbuff, char * str)"
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "int display_client_id_val (hash_buffer_t * pbuff, char * str)"
.PP
Definition at line 262 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.SS "int nfs_client_id_add (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t client_record, nfs_client_id_t * nfs_client_id_pool)"
.PP
nfs_client_id_add: adds an entry in the duplicate requests cache.
.PP
Adds an entry in the duplicate requests cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIclientid\fP [IN] the client id used as key 
.br
\fIclient_record\fP [IN] the candidate record for the client 
.br
\fInfs_client_id_pool\fP [INOUT] values pool for hash table
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CLIENT_ID_SUCCESS if successfull
.br
. 
.PP
CLIENT_ID_INSERT_MALLOC_ERROR if an error occured during the insertion process 
.br
 
.PP
CLIENT_ID_NETDB_ERROR if an error occured during the netdb query (via gethostbyaddr). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 292 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References ht_client_id, ht_client_id_reverse, and nfs_param.
.SS "int nfs_client_id_compute (char * name, clientid4 * pclientid)"
.PP
nfs_client_id_compute: computes the client id, based on the string.
.PP
Computes the client id, based on the string. 
.PP
Definition at line 644 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References strnlen().
.SS "int nfs_client_id_get (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t * client_id_res)"
.PP
nfs_client_id_get: Tries to get an entry for client_id cache.
.PP
Tries to get an entry for client_id cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIclientid\fP [IN] the client id 
.br
\fIresclientid\fP [OUT] the found client id
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the result previously set if *pstatus == CLIENT_ID_SUCCESS 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 454 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References ht_client_id, and ht_client_id_reverse.
.PP
Referenced by nfs4_Check_Stateid(), and nfs4_is_lease_expired().
.SS "int nfs_client_id_get_reverse (char * key, nfs_client_id_t * client_id_res)"
.PP
Definition at line 499 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References ht_client_id_reverse.
.SS "int nfs_client_id_remove (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t * nfs_client_id_pool)"
.PP
nfs_client_id_remove: Tries to remove an entry for client_id cache
.PP
Tries to remove an entry for client_id cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIclientid\fP [IN] the clientid to be used as key 
.br
\fInfs_client_id_pool\fP [INOUT] values pool for hash table
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the result previously set if *pstatus == CLIENT_ID_SUCCESS 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 541 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References ht_client_id, and ht_client_id_reverse.
.SS "int nfs_client_id_set (clientid4 clientid, nfs_client_id_t client_record, nfs_client_id_t * nfs_client_id_pool)"
.PP
nfs_client_id_sets: sets an entry that already exists.
.PP
Sets an entry that already exists
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIclientid\fP [IN] the client id used as key 
.br
\fIclient_record\fP [IN] the candidate record for the client 
.br
\fInfs_client_id_pool\fP [INOUT] values pool for hash table
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CLIENT_ID_SUCCESS if successfull
.br
. 
.PP
CLIENT_ID_INSERT_MALLOC_ERROR if an error occured during the insertion process 
.br
 
.PP
CLIENT_ID_NETDB_ERROR if an error occured during the netdb query (via gethostbyaddr). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 378 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References ht_client_id, ht_client_id_reverse, and nfs_param.
.SS "int nfs_client_id_sha1_compute (char * name, clientid4 * pclientid)"
.PP
nfs_client_id_sha1_compute: computes the client id, based on the string, with SHA1 algorithm
.PP
Computes the client id, based on the string, with SHA1 algorithm. 
.PP
Definition at line 752 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References SHA1Final(), SHA1Init(), and SHA1Update().
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "int nfs_Init_client_id (nfs_client_id_parameter_t param)"
.PP
nfs_Init_client_id: Init the hashtable for Client Id cache.
.PP
Perform all the required initialization for hashtable Client Id cache
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] parameter used to init the duplicate request cache
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if successful, -1 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 600 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References ht_client_id.
.SS "int nfs_Init_client_id_reverse (nfs_client_id_parameter_t param)"
.PP
nfs_Init_client_id_reverse: Init the reverse hashtable for Client Id cache.
.PP
Perform all the required initialization for hashtable Client Id cache
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] parameter used to init the duplicate request cache
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if successful, -1 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 622 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
References ht_client_id_reverse.
.SS "size_t strnlen (const char * s, size_t maxlen)"
.PP
vim:expandtab:shiftwidth=8:tabstop=8:
.PP
Copyright CEA/DAM/DIF (2008) contributeur : Philippe DENIEL philippe.deniel@cea.fr Thomas LEIBOVICI thomas.leibovici@cea.fr
.PP
Ce logiciel est un serveur implementant le protocole NFS.
.PP
Ce logiciel est régi par la licence CeCILL soumise au droit français et respectant les principes de diffusion des logiciels libres. Vous pouvez utiliser, modifier et/ou redistribuer ce programme sous les conditions de la licence CeCILL telle que diffusée par le CEA, le CNRS et l'INRIA sur le site 'http://www.cecill.info'.
.PP
En contrepartie de l'accessibilité au code source et des droits de copie, de modification et de redistribution accordés par cette licence, il n'est offert aux utilisateurs qu'une garantie limitée. Pour les mêmes raisons, seule une responsabilité restreinte pèse sur l'auteur du programme, le titulaire des droits patrimoniaux et les concédants successifs.
.PP
A cet égard l'attention de l'utilisateur est attirée sur les risques associés au chargement, à l'utilisation, à la modification et/ou au développement et à la reproduction du logiciel par l'utilisateur étant donné sa spécificité de logiciel libre, qui peut le rendre complexe à manipuler et qui le réserve donc à des développeurs et des professionnels avertis possédant des connaissances informatiques approfondies. Les utilisateurs sont donc invités à charger et tester l'adéquation du logiciel à leurs besoins dans des conditions permettant d'assurer la sécurité de leurs systèmes et ou de leurs données et, plus généralement, à l'utiliser et l'exploiter dans les mêmes conditions de sécurité.
.PP
Le fait que vous puissiez accéder à cet en-tête signifie que vous avez pris connaissance de la licence CeCILL, et que vous en avez accepté les termes.
.PP
---------------------
.PP
Copyright CEA/DAM/DIF (2005) Contributor: Philippe DENIEL philippe.deniel@cea.fr Thomas LEIBOVICI thomas.leibovici@cea.fr
.PP
This software is a server that implements the NFS protocol.
.PP
This software is governed by the CeCILL license under French law and abiding by the rules of distribution of free software. You can use, modify and/ or redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL license as circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL 'http://www.cecill.info'.
.PP
As a counterpart to the access to the source code and rights to copy, modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of the economic rights, and the successive licensors have only limited liability.
.PP
In this respect, the user's attention is drawn to the risks associated with loading, using, modifying and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user in light of its specific status of free software, that may mean that it is complicated to manipulate, and that also therefore means that it is reserved for developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer knowledge. Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the software's suitability as regards their requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same conditions as regards security.
.PP
The fact that you are presently reading this means that you have had knowledge of the CeCILL license and that you accept its terms. ---------------------------------------
.PP
\fBnfs_client_id.c\fP : The management of the client id cache.
.PP
$Header$
.PP
$Log$ 
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "hash_table_t* \fBht_client_id\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_client_id_add(), nfs_client_id_get(), nfs_client_id_remove(), nfs_client_id_set(), and nfs_Init_client_id().
.SS "hash_table_t* \fBht_client_id_reverse\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file nfs_client_id.c.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_client_id_add(), nfs_client_id_get(), nfs_client_id_get_reverse(), nfs_client_id_remove(), nfs_client_id_set(), and nfs_Init_client_id_reverse().
.SS "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file test_clientid.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Support routines layer from the source code.
