.TH "nfs_mnt_list.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Support routines layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
nfs_mnt_list.c \- routines for managing the mount list. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <ctype.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <dirent.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <netdb.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <netinet/in.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <arpa/inet.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fcntl.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/file.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pwd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <grp.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <rpc/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <rpc/rpc.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <rpc/auth.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <rpc/pmap_clnt.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_core.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs23.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs4.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_tools.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_exports.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_file_handle.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Add_MountList_Entry\fP (char *hostname, char *dirpath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Remove_MountList_Entry\fP (char *hostname, char *dirpath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Purge_MountList\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Init_MountList\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "mountlist \fBnfs_Get_MountList\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnfs_Print_MountList\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "mountlist \fBMNT_List_head\fP = NULL"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "mountlist \fBMNT_List_tail\fP = NULL"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
routines for managing the mount list. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:03:03 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.7 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBnfs_mnt_list.c\fP : routines for managing the mount list.
.PP
\fBHeader\fP.RS 4
/cea/home/cvs/cvs/SHERPA/BaseCvs/GANESHA/src/support/nfs_mnt_list.c,v 1.7 2005/11/28 17:03:03 deniel Exp 
.RE
.PP
.PP
\fBLog\fP.RS 4
\fBnfs_mnt_list.c\fP,v 
.RE
.PP
Revision 1.7 2005/11/28 17:03:03 deniel Added CeCILL headers
.PP
Revision 1.6 2005/11/24 13:44:29 deniel ajout du remove dans ipname track list in nfs_mnt_listc.
.PP
Revision 1.5 2005/10/07 09:33:22 leibovic Correcting bug in nfs_Add_MountList_Entry function ( pnew_mnt_list_entry->ml_next not initialized ).
.PP
Revision 1.4 2005/10/05 14:03:31 deniel DEBUG ifdef are now much cleaner
.PP
Revision 1.3 2005/08/11 12:37:28 deniel Added statistics management
.PP
Revision 1.2 2005/08/03 13:13:59 deniel memset to zero before building the filehandles
.PP
Revision 1.1 2005/08/03 06:57:54 deniel Added a libsupport for miscellaneous service functions
.PP
Revision 1.1 2005/07/20 11:49:47 deniel Mount protocol V1/V3 support almost complete
.PP
Definition in file \fBnfs_mnt_list.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int nfs_Add_MountList_Entry (char * hostname, char * dirpath)"
.PP
nfs_Add_MountList_Entry: Adds a client to the mount list.
.PP
Adds a client to the mount list.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhostname\fP [IN] the hostname for the client 
.br
\fIdirpath\fP [IN] the mounted path
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 if successful, 0 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 173 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
References MNT_List_head, MNT_List_tail, and nfs_Print_MountList().
.SS "mountlist nfs_Get_MountList (void)"
.PP
nfs_Get_MountList: Returns the mount list.
.PP
Returns the mount list.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInone\fP (take no argument)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the mount list (NULL if mount list is empty) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 433 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
References nfs_Print_MountList().
.SS "int nfs_Init_MountList (void)"
.PP
nfs_Init_MountList: Initializes the mount list.
.PP
Initializes the mount list.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInone\fP (take no argument)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 if successful, 0 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 409 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
References MNT_List_head, MNT_List_tail, and nfs_Print_MountList().
.SS "void nfs_Print_MountList (void)"
.PP
nfs_Print_MountList: Prints the mount list (for debugging purpose).
.PP
Prints the mount list (for debugging purpose).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInone\fP (take no argument)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
nothing (void function) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 453 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
References MNT_List_head.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_Add_MountList_Entry(), nfs_Get_MountList(), nfs_Init_MountList(), nfs_Purge_MountList(), and nfs_Remove_MountList_Entry().
.SS "int nfs_Purge_MountList (void)"
.PP
nfs_Purge_MountList: Purges the whole mount list.
.PP
Purges the whole mount list.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInone\fP (take no argument)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 if successful, 0 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 367 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
References MNT_List_head, MNT_List_tail, and nfs_Print_MountList().
.SS "int nfs_Remove_MountList_Entry (char * hostname, char * dirpath)"
.PP
nfs_Remove_MountList_Entry: Removes a client to the mount list.
.PP
Removes a client to the mount list.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhostname\fP [IN] the hostname for the client 
.br
\fIpath\fP [IN] the mounted path
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 if successful, 0 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 286 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
References MNT_List_head, MNT_List_tail, and nfs_Print_MountList().
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mountlist \fBMNT_List_head\fP = NULL"
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_Add_MountList_Entry(), nfs_Init_MountList(), nfs_Print_MountList(), nfs_Purge_MountList(), and nfs_Remove_MountList_Entry().
.SS "mountlist \fBMNT_List_tail\fP = NULL"
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file nfs_mnt_list.c.
.PP
Referenced by nfs_Add_MountList_Entry(), nfs_Init_MountList(), nfs_Purge_MountList(), and nfs_Remove_MountList_Entry().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Support routines layer from the source code.
