.TH "analyse.h" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "ConfigParsing" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
analyse.h \- Building the syntax tree. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_type_affect_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_type_block_\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAXSTRLEN\fP   1024"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fB_type_affect_\fP \fBtype_affect\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBtype_affect\fP * \fBlist_affect\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fB_type_block_\fP \fBtype_block\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBtype_block\fP * \fBlist_block\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist_block\fP * \fBconfig_createlistblock\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtype_block\fP * \fBconfig_createblock\fP (char *blockname, \fBlist_affect\fP *list)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconfig_addblock\fP (\fBlist_block\fP *list, \fBtype_block\fP *block)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist_affect\fP * \fBconfig_createlistaffect\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtype_affect\fP * \fBconfig_createaffect\fP (char *varname, char *varval)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconfig_adddef\fP (\fBlist_affect\fP *list, \fBtype_affect\fP *affect)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconfig_print_list\fP (FILE *output, \fBlist_block\fP *list)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconfig_free_list\fP (\fBlist_block\fP *list)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Building the syntax tree. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/04/22 07:42:05 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.3 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
Build the structure that represents a config file.
.PP
CVS History :
.PP
\fBLog\fP.RS 4
\fBanalyse.h\fP,v 
.RE
.PP
Revision 1.3 2005/04/22 07:42:05 leibovic Adding configuration print function.
.PP
Revision 1.2 2005/04/18 10:42:02 leibovic Developping config file reading.
.PP
Revision 1.1 2005/04/15 15:01:49 leibovic Initial version for config file parsing.
.PP
Definition in file \fBanalyse.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define MAXSTRLEN   1024"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file analyse.h.
.PP
Referenced by config_createaffect(), config_createblock(), config_GetBlockIndexByName(), config_GetKeyValueByName(), and YY_BUFFER_APPEND().
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef \fBtype_affect\fP* \fBlist_affect\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file analyse.h.
.PP
Referenced by config_adddef(), config_createblock(), and config_createlistaffect().
.SS "typedef \fBtype_block\fP* \fBlist_block\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file analyse.h.
.PP
Referenced by config_addblock(), config_createlistblock(), config_free_list(), and config_print_list().
.SS "typedef struct \fB_type_affect_\fP \fBtype_affect\fP"
.PP
Referenced by config_adddef(), config_createaffect(), config_GetKeyValue(), config_GetKeyValueByName(), config_GetNbKeys(), and config_print_list().
.SS "typedef struct \fB_type_block_\fP  \fBtype_block\fP"
.PP
Referenced by config_addblock(), config_createblock(), config_free_list(), config_GetBlockIndexByName(), config_GetNbBlocks(), and config_print_list().
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void config_addblock (\fBlist_block\fP * list, \fBtype_block\fP * block)"
.PP
Ajout d'un block a une list de blocks 
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References list_block, _type_block_::next, and type_block.
.PP
Referenced by yyparse().
.SS "void config_adddef (\fBlist_affect\fP * list, \fBtype_affect\fP * affect)"
.PP
Ajout d'une definition a une list d'affectations 
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References list_affect, _type_affect_::next, and type_affect.
.PP
Referenced by yyparse().
.SS "\fBtype_affect\fP* config_createaffect (char * varname, char * varval)"
.PP
Creation d'une definition variable=valeur 
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References MAXSTRLEN, _type_affect_::next, and type_affect.
.PP
Referenced by yyparse().
.SS "\fBtype_block\fP* config_createblock (char * blockname, \fBlist_affect\fP * list)"
.PP
Creation d'un block 
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References list_affect, _type_block_::list_def, MAXSTRLEN, _type_affect_::next, and type_block.
.PP
Referenced by yyparse().
.SS "\fBlist_affect\fP* config_createlistaffect ()"
.PP
Creation d'une list d'affectations 
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References list_affect.
.PP
Referenced by yyparse().
.SS "\fBlist_block\fP* config_createlistblock ()"
.PP
Creation d'une list de blocks 
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References list_block.
.PP
Referenced by yyparse().
.SS "void config_free_list (\fBlist_block\fP * list)"
.PP
config_free_list: libere les ressources utilisees par une liste de blocks. 
.PP
Definition at line 238 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References list_block, _type_block_::next, and type_block.
.PP
Referenced by config_Free().
.SS "void config_print_list (FILE * output, \fBlist_block\fP * list)"
.PP
Affichage idente du contenu d'une list de blocks. 
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file analyse.c.
.PP
References list_block, _type_block_::list_def, _type_block_::name, _type_block_::next, _type_affect_::next, type_affect, type_block, _type_affect_::varname, and _type_affect_::varvalue.
.PP
Referenced by config_Print().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ConfigParsing from the source code.
