.TH "cache_inode_setattr.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Cache inode layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_inode_setattr.c \- Sets the attributes for an entry. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_setattr\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry, fsal_attrib_list_t *pattr, hash_table_t *ht, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Sets the attributes for an entry. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/02/14 11:47:40 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.19 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_inode_setattr.c\fP : Sets the attributes for an entry.
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_inode_setattr.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_setattr (cache_entry_t * pentry, fsal_attrib_list_t * pattr, hash_table_t * ht, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_setattrs: set the attributes for an entry located in the cache by its address.
.PP
Sets the attributes for an entry located in the cache by its address. Attributes are provided with compliance to the underlying FSAL semantics. Attributes that are set are returned in '*pattr'.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry_parent\fP [IN] entry for the parent directory to be managed. 
.br
\fIpattr\fP [INOUT] attributes for the entry that we have found. Out: attributes set. 
.br
\fIht\fP [INOUT] hash table used for the cache, unused in this call. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [INOUT] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIpcontext\fP [IN] FSAL credentials 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_INODE_SUCCESS if operation is a success 
.br
 
.PP
CACHE_INODE_LRU_ERROR if allocation error occured when validating the entry 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file cache_inode_setattr.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_error_convert(), cache_inode_kill_entry(), and cache_inode_valid().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cache inode layer from the source code.
