.TH "cache_inode_rename.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Cache inode layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_inode_rename.c \- Renames an entry. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_rename_cached_dirent\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry_parent, fsal_name_t *oldname, fsal_name_t *newname, hash_table_t *ht, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_rename\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry_dirsrc, fsal_name_t *poldname, cache_entry_t *pentry_dirdest, fsal_name_t *pnewname, fsal_attrib_list_t *pattr_src, fsal_attrib_list_t *pattr_dst, hash_table_t *ht, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Renames an entry. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:02:27 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.20 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_inode_rename.c\fP : Renames an entry.
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_inode_rename.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_rename (cache_entry_t * pentry_dirsrc, fsal_name_t * poldname, cache_entry_t * pentry_dirdest, fsal_name_t * pnewname, fsal_attrib_list_t * pattr_src, fsal_attrib_list_t * pattr_dst, hash_table_t * ht, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_rename: renames an entry in the cache.
.PP
Renames an entry in the cache. This operation is used for moving an object into a different directory.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry_dirsrc\fP [IN] entry pointer for the source directory 
.br
\fInewname\fP [IN] name of the object in the source directory 
.br
\fIpentry_dirdest\fP [INOUT] entry pointer for the destination directory in which the object will be moved. 
.br
\fInewname\fP [IN] name of the object in the destination directory 
.br
\fIpattr_src\fP [OUT] contains the source directory attributes if not NULL 
.br
\fIpattr_dst\fP [OUT] contains the destination directory attributes if not NULL 
.br
\fIht\fP [INOUT] hash table used for the cache. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [INOUT] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIpcontext\fP [IN] FSAL credentials 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_INODE_SUCCESS operation is a success 
.br
 
.PP
CACHE_INODE_LRU_ERROR allocation error occured when validating the entry
.br
 
.PP
CACHE_INODE_NOT_FOUND source object does not exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 179 of file cache_inode_rename.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_add_cached_dirent(), cache_inode_error_convert(), cache_inode_is_dir_empty(), cache_inode_kill_entry(), cache_inode_lookup_no_mutex(), cache_inode_remove_cached_dirent(), cache_inode_remove_no_mutex(), cache_inode_rename_cached_dirent(), and cache_inode_valid().
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_rename_cached_dirent (cache_entry_t * pentry_parent, fsal_name_t * oldname, fsal_name_t * newname, hash_table_t * ht, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_rename_cached_dirent: renames an entry in the same directory.
.PP
Renames an entry in the same directory.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry_parent\fP [INOUT] cache entry representing the directory to be managed. 
.br
\fIoldname\fP [IN] name of the entry to rename. 
.br
\fInewname\fP [IN] new name for the entry 
.br
\fIht\fP [IN] hash table used for the cache, unused in this call. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [INOUT] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the same as *pstatus 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 122 of file cache_inode_rename.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_operate_cached_dirent().
.PP
Referenced by cache_inode_rename().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cache inode layer from the source code.
