.TH "cache_inode_renew_entry.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Cache inode layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_inode_renew_entry.c \- Renews an entry in the cache inode. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_renew_entry\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry, fsal_attrib_list_t *pattr, hash_table_t *ht, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Renews an entry in the cache inode. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/02/16 08:22:29 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.13 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_inode_renew_entry.c\fP : Renews an entry in the cache inode.
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_inode_renew_entry.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_renew_entry (cache_entry_t * pentry, fsal_attrib_list_t * pattr, hash_table_t * ht, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_renew_entry: Renews the attributes for an entry.
.PP
Sets the attributes for an entry located in the cache by its address. Attributes are provided with compliance to the underlying FSAL semantics. Attributes that are set are returned in '*pattr'.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry_parent\fP [IN] entry for the parent directory to be managed. 
.br
\fIpattr\fP [OUT] renewed attributes for the entry that we have found. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [INOUT] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIpcontext\fP [IN] FSAL credentials 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_INODE_SUCCESS if operation is a success 
.br
 
.PP
Other errors shows a FSAL error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 123 of file cache_inode_renew_entry.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_error_convert(), and cache_inode_kill_entry().
.PP
Referenced by cache_inode_getattr(), cache_inode_lookupp_sw(), cache_inode_readdir(), and cache_inode_readlink().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cache inode layer from the source code.
