.TH "cache_inode_open_close.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Cache inode layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_inode_open_close.c \- Removes an entry of any type. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/stat.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <strings.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_open\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, fsal_openflags_t openflags, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_open_by_name\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry_dir, fsal_name_t *pname, cache_entry_t *pentry_file, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, fsal_openflags_t openflags, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_close\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Removes an entry of any type. 

vim:expandtab:shiftwidth=8:tabstop=8:
.PP
Copyright CEA/DAM/DIF (2008) contributeur : Philippe DENIEL philippe.deniel@cea.fr Thomas LEIBOVICI thomas.leibovici@cea.fr
.PP
Ce logiciel est un serveur implementant le protocole NFS.
.PP
Ce logiciel est régi par la licence CeCILL soumise au droit français et respectant les principes de diffusion des logiciels libres. Vous pouvez utiliser, modifier et/ou redistribuer ce programme sous les conditions de la licence CeCILL telle que diffusée par le CEA, le CNRS et l'INRIA sur le site 'http://www.cecill.info'.
.PP
En contrepartie de l'accessibilité au code source et des droits de copie, de modification et de redistribution accordés par cette licence, il n'est offert aux utilisateurs qu'une garantie limitée. Pour les mêmes raisons, seule une responsabilité restreinte pèse sur l'auteur du programme, le titulaire des droits patrimoniaux et les concédants successifs.
.PP
A cet égard l'attention de l'utilisateur est attirée sur les risques associés au chargement, à l'utilisation, à la modification et/ou au développement et à la reproduction du logiciel par l'utilisateur étant donné sa spécificité de logiciel libre, qui peut le rendre complexe à manipuler et qui le réserve donc à des développeurs et des professionnels avertis possédant des connaissances informatiques approfondies. Les utilisateurs sont donc invités à charger et tester l'adéquation du logiciel à leurs besoins dans des conditions permettant d'assurer la sécurité de leurs systèmes et ou de leurs données et, plus généralement, à l'utiliser et l'exploiter dans les mêmes conditions de sécurité.
.PP
Le fait que vous puissiez accéder à cet en-tête signifie que vous avez pris connaissance de la licence CeCILL, et que vous en avez accepté les termes.
.PP
---------------------
.PP
Copyright CEA/DAM/DIF (2005) Contributor: Philippe DENIEL philippe.deniel@cea.fr Thomas LEIBOVICI thomas.leibovici@cea.fr
.PP
This software is a server that implements the NFS protocol.
.PP
This software is governed by the CeCILL license under French law and abiding by the rules of distribution of free software. You can use, modify and/ or redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL license as circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL 'http://www.cecill.info'.
.PP
As a counterpart to the access to the source code and rights to copy, modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of the economic rights, and the successive licensors have only limited liability.
.PP
In this respect, the user's attention is drawn to the risks associated with loading, using, modifying and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user in light of its specific status of free software, that may mean that it is complicated to manipulate, and that also therefore means that it is reserved for developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer knowledge. Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the software's suitability as regards their requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same conditions as regards security.
.PP
The fact that you are presently reading this means that you have had knowledge of the CeCILL license and that you accept its terms. ---------------------------------------
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:02:27 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.20 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_inode_rdwr.c\fP : performs an IO on a REGULAR_FILE.
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_inode_open_close.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_close (cache_entry_t * pentry, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_close: closes the local fd in the FSAL.
.PP
Closes the local fd in the FSAL.
.PP
No lock management is done in this layer: the related pentry in the cache inode layer is locked and will prevent from concurent accesses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry\fP [IN] entry in file content layer whose content is to be accessed. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [IN] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management.  [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_SUCCESS is successful . 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 370 of file cache_inode_open_close.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_error_convert().
.PP
Referenced by cache_inode_rdwr(), and cache_inode_valid().
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_open (cache_entry_t * pentry, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, fsal_openflags_t openflags, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_content_open: opens the local fd on the cache.
.PP
Opens the fd on the FSAL
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry\fP [IN] entry in file content layer whose content is to be accessed. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [IN] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIopenflags\fP [IN] flags to be used to open the file 
.br
\fIpcontent\fP [IN] FSAL operation context  [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_SUCCESS is successful . 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 126 of file cache_inode_open_close.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_error_convert().
.PP
Referenced by cache_inode_rdwr().
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_open_by_name (cache_entry_t * pentry_dir, fsal_name_t * pname, cache_entry_t * pentry_file, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, fsal_openflags_t openflags, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_content_open: opens the local fd on the cache.
.PP
Opens the fd on the FSAL
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry_dir\fP [IN] parent entry for the file 
.br
\fIpname\fP [IN] name of the file to be opened in the parent directory 
.br
\fIpentry_file\fP [IN] file entry to be opened 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [IN] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIopenflags\fP [IN] flags to be used to open the file 
.br
\fIpcontent\fP [IN] FSAL operation context  [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_SUCCESS is successful . 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 226 of file cache_inode_open_close.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_error_convert().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cache inode layer from the source code.
