.TH "cache_inode_init.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "Cache inode layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_inode_init.c \- Init the cache_inode.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "hash_table_t * \fBcache_inode_init\fP (cache_inode_parameter_t param, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcache_inode_client_init\fP (cache_inode_client_t *pclient, cache_inode_client_parameter_t param, int thread_index, void *pworker_data)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Init the cache_inode. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/24 13:44:40 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.21 
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_inode_init.c\fP : Initialization routines for the cache_inode. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_inode_init.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int cache_inode_client_init (cache_inode_client_t * pclient, cache_inode_client_parameter_t param, int thread_index, void * pworker_data)"
.PP
cache_inode_client_init: Init the ressource necessary for the cache inode management on the client handside.
.PP
Init the ressource necessary for the cache inode management on the client handside.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpclient\fP [OUT] the pointer to the client to be initiated. 
.br
\fIparam\fP [IN] the parameter for this cache client. 
.br
\fIthread_index\fP [IN] an integer related to the 'position' of the thread, from 0 to Nb_Workers -1
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if successful, 1 if failed. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file cache_inode_init.c.
.SS "hash_table_t* cache_inode_init (cache_inode_parameter_t param, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_init: Init the ressource necessary for the cache inode management.
.PP
Init the ressource necessary for the cache inode management.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] the parameter for this cache. 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] pointer to buffer used to store the status for the operation.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
NULL if operation failed, other value is a pointer to the hash table used for the cache. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 122 of file cache_inode_init.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cache inode layer from the source code.
