.TH "cache_inode_link.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "Cache inode layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_inode_link.c \- Creation of an hardlink.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_link\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry_src, cache_entry_t *pentry_dir_dest, fsal_name_t *plink_name, fsal_attrib_list_t *pattr, hash_table_t *ht, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Creation of an hardlink. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:02:26 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.16 
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_inode_link.c\fP : Creation of an hardlink. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_inode_link.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_link (cache_entry_t * pentry_src, cache_entry_t * pentry_dir_dest, fsal_name_t * plink_name, fsal_attrib_list_t * pattr, hash_table_t * ht, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_link: hardlinks a pentry to another.
.PP
Hard links a pentry to another. This is basically a equivalent of FSAL_link in the cache inode layer.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry_src\fP [IN] entry pointer the entry to be linked. This can't be a directory. 
.br
\fIpentry_dir_dest\fP [INOUT] entry pointer for the destination directory in which the link will be created. 
.br
\fIplink_name\fP [IN] pointer to the name of the object in the destination directory. 
.br
\fIpattr\fP [OUT] attributes for the linked attributes after the operation. 
.br
\fIht\fP [INOUT] hash table used for the cache. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [INOUT] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIpcontext\fP [IN] FSAL credentials 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_INODE_SUCCESS if operation is a success 
.br
 
.PP
CACHE_INODE_LRU_ERROR if allocation error occured when validating the entry
.br
 
.PP
CACHE_INODE_BAD_TYPE either source or destination have incorrect type
.br
 
.PP
CACHE_INODE_ENTRY_EXISTS entry of that name already exists in destination. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 129 of file cache_inode_link.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cache inode layer from the source code.
