.TH "cache_inode_rdwr.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "Cache inode layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_inode_rdwr.c \- Removes an entry of any type. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/stat.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_inode_status_t \fBcache_inode_rdwr\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry, cache_inode_io_direction_t read_or_write, fsal_seek_t *seek_descriptor, fsal_size_t buffer_size, fsal_size_t *pio_size, fsal_attrib_list_t *pfsal_attr, caddr_t buffer, fsal_boolean_t *p_fsal_eof, hash_table_t *ht, cache_inode_client_t *pclient, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_inode_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Removes an entry of any type. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:02:27 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.20 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_inode_rdwr.c\fP : performs an IO on a REGULAR_FILE.
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_inode_rdwr.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_inode_status_t cache_inode_rdwr (cache_entry_t * pentry, cache_inode_io_direction_t read_or_write, fsal_seek_t * seek_descriptor, fsal_size_t buffer_size, fsal_size_t * pio_size, fsal_attrib_list_t * pfsal_attr, caddr_t buffer, fsal_boolean_t * p_fsal_eof, hash_table_t * ht, cache_inode_client_t * pclient, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_inode_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_inode_rdwr: Reads/Writes through the cache layer.
.PP
Reads/Writes through the cache layer.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry\fP [IN] entry in cache inode layer whose content is to be accessed. 
.br
\fIread_or_write\fP [IN] a flag of type cache_content_io_direction_t to tell if a read or write is to be done. 
.br
\fIseek_descriptor\fP [IN] absolute position (in the FSAL file) where the IO will be done. 
.br
\fIbuffer_size\fP [IN] size of the buffer pointed by parameter 'buffer'. 
.br
\fIpio_size\fP [OUT] the size of the io that was successfully made. 
.br
\fIpfsal_attr\fP [OUT] the FSAL attributes after the operation. 
.br
\fIbuffer\fP write:[IN] read:[OUT] the buffer for the data. 
.br
\fIht\fP [INOUT] the hashtable used for managing the cache. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [IN] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management. 
.br
\fIpcontext\fP [IN] fsal context for the operation.  [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_SUCCESS is successful .
.RE
.PP
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: BUGAZEOMEU; gestion de la taille du fichier a prendre en compte. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 133 of file cache_inode_rdwr.c.
.PP
References cache_inode_close(), cache_inode_error_convert(), cache_inode_open(), and cache_inode_valid().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cache inode layer from the source code.
