.TH "shell_utils.h" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "ganeshell" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
shell_utils.h \- Miscellaneous build-in commands for shell.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'shell_types.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_timer\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_sleep\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_shell\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_meminfo\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_cmp\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_diff\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_wc\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_chomp\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommand_def_t\fP \fBshell_utils\fP []"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Miscellaneous build-in commands for shell. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/05/11 07:25:45 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.3 
.RE
.PP
\fBLog\fP.RS 4
\fBshell_utils.h\fP,v 
.RE
.PP
Revision 1.3 2005/05/11 07:25:45 leibovic adding chomp util.
.PP
Revision 1.2 2005/05/09 14:54:43 leibovic Adding eq and ne.
.PP
Revision 1.1 2005/05/09 12:23:55 leibovic Version 2 of ganeshell. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBshell_utils.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int util_chomp (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 750 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_cmp (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
String utils 
.PP
Definition at line 433 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_diff (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 688 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_meminfo (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 355 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_shell (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 302 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_sleep (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
System utils. 
.PP
Definition at line 262 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_timer (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Timer management. 
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_wc (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 730 of file shell_utils.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcommand_def_t\fP \fBshell_utils\fP[]"
.PP
Definition at line 215 of file shell.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ganeshell from the source code.
