.TH "shell_utils.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "ganeshell" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
shell_utils.c \- Miscellaneous build-in commands for shell. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'cmd_tools.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'shell_utils.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Getopt.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <malloc.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/time.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_timer\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_sleep\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_shell\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_meminfo\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_cmp\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_diff\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_wc\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fButil_chomp\fP (int argc, char **argv, FILE *output)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Miscellaneous build-in commands for shell. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/17 14:56:22 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.8 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBLog\fP.RS 4
\fBshell_utils.c\fP,v 
.RE
.PP
Revision 1.8 2006/01/17 14:56:22 leibovic Adaptation de HPSS 6.2.
.PP
Revision 1.7 2005/11/28 17:03:00 deniel Added CeCILL headers
.PP
Revision 1.6 2005/10/10 12:39:08 leibovic Using mnt/nfs free functions.
.PP
Revision 1.5 2005/08/02 09:40:28 leibovic stream error in diff.
.PP
Revision 1.4 2005/05/11 15:53:37 leibovic Adding time function.
.PP
Revision 1.3 2005/05/11 07:25:45 leibovic adding chomp util.
.PP
Revision 1.2 2005/05/09 14:54:43 leibovic Adding eq and ne.
.PP
Revision 1.1 2005/05/09 12:23:55 leibovic Version 2 of ganeshell.
.PP
Definition in file \fBshell_utils.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int util_chomp (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 736 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_cmp (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
String utils 
.PP
Definition at line 419 of file shell_utils.c.
.PP
References Getopt(), my_atoi(), Opterr, Optind, and Optopt.
.SS "int util_diff (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 674 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_meminfo (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 344 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_shell (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 291 of file shell_utils.c.
.SS "int util_sleep (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
System utils. 
.PP
Definition at line 251 of file shell_utils.c.
.PP
References my_atoi().
.SS "int util_timer (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Timer management. 
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file shell_utils.c.
.PP
References NULL, print_timeval, and time_diff().
.SS "int util_wc (int argc, char ** argv, FILE * output)"
.PP
Definition at line 716 of file shell_utils.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ganeshell from the source code.
