.TH "cache_content_cache_behaviour.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.1" "File Content Policy layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_content_cache_behaviour.c \- Management of the file content cache: choose if an entry in the metadata cache is to be cached or not. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content_policy.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_content_caching_type_t \fBcache_content_cache_behaviour\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry_inode, cache_content_policy_data_t *ppolicy_data, cache_content_client_t *pclient, cache_content_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Management of the file content cache: choose if an entry in the metadata cache is to be cached or not. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/08/03 07:22:17 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.2 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_content_cache_behaviour.c\fP : Choose if an entry in the metadata cache is to be cached or not.
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_content_cache_behaviour.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_content_caching_type_t cache_content_cache_behaviour (cache_entry_t * pentry_inode, cache_content_policy_data_t * ppolicy_data, cache_content_client_t * pclient, cache_content_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_content_cache_behaviour: chooses if a file is to be cached in data cache or not, basec o the caching policy.
.PP
Chooses if a file is to be cached in data cache or not, basec o the caching policy.
.PP
No lock management is done in this layer: the related pentry in the cache inode layer is locked and will prevent from concurent accesses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry\fP [IN] entry in file content layer whose content is to be flushed. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [IN] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management.  [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_FULLY_CACHED if file is to be cached 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file cache_content_cache_behaviour.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File Content Policy layer from the source code.
