.TH "nfs_dupreq.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "Daemon Main" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
nfs_dupreq.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <ctype.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <dirent.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <netdb.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <netinet/in.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <arpa/inet.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fcntl.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/file.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pwd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <grp.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <rpc/rpc.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <rpc/svc.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <rpc/pmap_clnt.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_core.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs23.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs4.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_tools.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_exports.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_file_handle.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_dupreq.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBget_rpc_xid\fP (struct svc_req *reqp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBprint_entry_dupreq\fP (LRU_data_t data, char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclean_entry_dupreq\fP (LRU_entry_t *pentry, void *addparam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBdupreq_value_hash_func\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBdupreq_rbt_hash_func\fP (hash_parameter_t *p_hparam, hash_buffer_t *buffclef)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcompare_xid\fP (hash_buffer_t *buff1, hash_buffer_t *buff2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisplay_xid\fP (hash_buffer_t *pbuff, char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_Init_dupreq\fP (nfs_rpc_dupreq_parameter_t param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_dupreq_add\fP (long xid, struct svc_req *ptr_req, nfs_res_t *p_res_nfs, LRU_list_t *lru_dupreq, dupreq_entry_t **p_dupreq_pool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_res_t \fBnfs_dupreq_get\fP (long xid, int *pstatus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnfs_dupreq_gc_function\fP (LRU_entry_t *pentry, void *addparam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnfs_dupreq_get_stats\fP (hash_stat_t *phstat)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_function_desc_t \fBnfs2_func_desc\fP []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_function_desc_t \fBnfs3_func_desc\fP []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_function_desc_t \fBnfs4_func_desc\fP []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_function_desc_t \fBmnt1_func_desc\fP []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_function_desc_t \fBmnt3_func_desc\fP []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "hash_table_t * \fBht_dupreq\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int clean_entry_dupreq (LRU_entry_t * pentry, void * addparam)"
.PP
clean_entry_dupreq: cleans an entry in the dupreq cache.
.PP
cleans an entry in the dupreq cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry\fP [INOUT] entry to be cleaned. 
.br
\fIaddparam\fP [IN] additional parameter used for cleaning.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if ok, other values mean an error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 227 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "int compare_xid (hash_buffer_t * buff1, hash_buffer_t * buff2)"
.PP
compare_xid: compares the xid stored in the key buffers.
.PP
compare the xid stored in the key buffers. This function is to be used as 'compare_key' field in the hashtable storing the nfs duplicated requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuff1\fP [IN] first key 
.br
\fIbuff2\fP [IN] second key
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if keys are identifical, 1 if they are different. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 364 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "int display_xid (hash_buffer_t * pbuff, char * str)"
.PP
display_xid: displays the xid stored in the buffer.
.PP
displays the xid stored in the buffer. This function is to be used as 'key_to_str' field in the hashtable storing the nfs duplicated requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuff1\fP [IN] buffer to display 
.br
\fIbuff2\fP [OUT] output string
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
number of character written. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 384 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "unsigned long dupreq_rbt_hash_func (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
dupreq_rbt_hash_func: computes the rbt value for the entry in dupreq cache.
.PP
Computes the rbt value for the entry in dupreq cache. In fact, it just use the Xid itself (which is an unsigned integer) as the rbt value. This function is called internal in the HasTable_* function
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhparam\fP [IN] hash table parameter. 
.br
\fIbuffcleff[in]\fP pointer to the hash key buffer
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the computed rbt value.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_Init 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 345 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "unsigned long dupreq_value_hash_func (hash_parameter_t * p_hparam, hash_buffer_t * buffclef)"
.PP
dupreq_rbt_hash_func: computes the hash value for the entry in dupreq cache.
.PP
Computes the hash value for the entry in dupreq cache. In fact, it just use the Xid modulo the hash array size. This function is called internal in the HasTable_* function
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhparam\fP [IN] hash table parameter. 
.br
\fIbuffcleff[in]\fP pointer to the hash key buffer
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the computed hash value.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_Init 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 324 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "unsigned int get_rpc_xid (struct svc_req * reqp)"
.PP
get_rpc_xid: extract the transfer Id from a RPC request.
.PP
RPC Xid is used for RPC Reply cache. With UDP connection, the xid is in an opaque structure stored in xprt->xp_p2, but with TCP connection, the xid is in another opaque structure stored in xprt->xp_p1. xp_p2 and xp_p1 are mutually exclusive. The opaque structure are well defined in ONC RPC protocol definitions, and used internally by the ONC layers. Since I need to know the xid the structures are defined here.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIreqp\fP A pointer to the request to be examined.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the found xid. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 158 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "int nfs_dupreq_add (long xid, struct svc_req * ptr_req, nfs_res_t * p_res_nfs, LRU_list_t * lru_dupreq, dupreq_entry_t ** p_dupreq_pool)"
.PP
nfs_dupreq_add: adds an entry in the duplicate requests cache.
.PP
Adds an entry in the duplicate requests cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxid\fP [IN] the transfer id to be used as key 
.br
\fIpnfsreq\fP [IN] the request pointer to cache
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
DUPREQ_SUCCESS if successfull
.br
. 
.PP
DUPREQ_INSERT_MALLOC_ERROR if an error occured during the insertion process. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 428 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "int nfs_dupreq_gc_function (LRU_entry_t * pentry, void * addparam)"
.PP
nfs_dupreq_gc_function: Tests is an entry in dupreq cache is to be set invalid (has expired).
.PP
Tests is an entry in dupreq cache is to be set invalid (has expired).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry\fP [IN] pointer to the entry to test
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 if entry must be set invalid, 0 if not.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
LRU_invalidate_by_function 
.PP
LRU_gc_invalid 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 543 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "nfs_res_t nfs_dupreq_get (long xid, int * pstatus)"
.PP
nfs_dupreq_get: Tries to get a duplicated requests for dupreq cache
.PP
Tries to get a duplicated requests for dupreq cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxid\fP [IN] the transfer id we are looking for 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] the pointer to the status for the operation
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the result previously set if *pstatus == DUPREQ_SUCCESS 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 502 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "void nfs_dupreq_get_stats (hash_stat_t * phstat)"
.PP
nfs_dupreq_get_stats: gets the hash table statistics for the duplicate requests.
.PP
Gets the hash table statistics for the duplicate requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIphstat\fP [OUT] pointer to the resulting stats.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
nothing (void function)
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
HashTable_GetStats 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 570 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "int nfs_Init_dupreq (nfs_rpc_dupreq_parameter_t param)"
.PP
nfs_Init_dupreq: Init the hashtable and LRU for duplicate request cache
.PP
Perform all the required initialization for hashtable and LRU for duplicate request cache
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] parameter used to init the duplicate request cache
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if successful, -1 otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 402 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "int print_entry_dupreq (LRU_data_t data, char * str)"
.PP
print_entry_dupreq: prints an entry in the LRU list.
.PP
prints an entry in the LRU list.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP [IN] data stored in a LRU entry to be printed. 
.br
\fIstr\fP [OUT] string used to store the result.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if ok, other values mean an error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 208 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "hash_table_t* \fBht_dupreq\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file nfs_dupreq.c.
.SS "nfs_function_desc_t \fBmnt1_func_desc\fP[]"
.PP
Definition at line 224 of file nfs_worker_thread.c.
.SS "nfs_function_desc_t \fBmnt3_func_desc\fP[]"
.PP
Definition at line 234 of file nfs_worker_thread.c.
.SS "nfs_function_desc_t \fBnfs2_func_desc\fP[]"
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file nfs_worker_thread.c.
.SS "nfs_function_desc_t \fBnfs3_func_desc\fP[]"
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file nfs_worker_thread.c.
.SS "nfs_function_desc_t \fBnfs4_func_desc\fP[]"
.PP
Definition at line 218 of file nfs_worker_thread.c.
.SS "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file nfs_init.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Daemon Main from the source code.
