.TH "fsal_tools.c" 3 "15 Sep 2010" "Version 0.2" "File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_tools.c \- 
.PP
miscelaneous FSAL tools.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_common.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'config_parsing.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSTRCMP\fP   strcasecmp"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTYPE_UUIDT\fP   hpss_uuid_t"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBINTMACRO_TO_STR\fP(_x)   _DEREF(_x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_DEREF\fP(_x)   #_x"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSMALL_PRIME_MULT\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSMALL_PRIME_ADD\fP   1999"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHASH_INCR\fP(_h_, _i_)   ( _h_ = (_h_ * SMALL_PRIME_MULT + SMALL_PRIME_ADD) % _i_ )"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBHPSSFSAL_GetFSName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBHPSSFSAL_handlecmp\fP (hpssfsal_handle_t *handle1, hpssfsal_handle_t *handle2, fsal_status_t *status)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBHPSSFSAL_Handle_to_HashIndex\fP (hpssfsal_handle_t *p_handle, unsigned int cookie, unsigned int alphabet_len, unsigned int index_size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBHPSSFSAL_Handle_to_RBTIndex\fP (hpssfsal_handle_t *p_handle, unsigned int cookie)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_DigestHandle\fP (hpssfsal_export_context_t *p_expcontext, fsal_digesttype_t output_type, hpssfsal_handle_t *in_fsal_handle, caddr_t out_buff)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_ExpandHandle\fP (hpssfsal_export_context_t *p_expcontext, fsal_digesttype_t in_type, caddr_t in_buff, hpssfsal_handle_t *out_fsal_handle)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_SetDefault_FSAL_parameter\fP (fsal_parameter_t *out_parameter)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_SetDefault_FS_common_parameter\fP (fsal_parameter_t *out_parameter)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_SetDefault_FS_specific_parameter\fP (fsal_parameter_t *out_parameter)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_load_FSAL_parameter_from_conf\fP (config_file_t in_config, fsal_parameter_t *out_parameter)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_load_FS_common_parameter_from_conf\fP (config_file_t in_config, fsal_parameter_t *out_parameter)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_load_FS_specific_parameter_from_conf\fP (config_file_t in_config, fsal_parameter_t *out_parameter)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
miscelaneous FSAL tools. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/02/09 12:16:07 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.28 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_tools.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t HPSSFSAL_DigestHandle (hpssfsal_export_context_t * p_expcontext, fsal_digesttype_t output_type, hpssfsal_handle_t * in_fsal_handle, caddr_t out_buff)"FSAL_DigestHandle : Convert an hpssfsal_handle_t to a buffer to be included into NFS handles, or another digest.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput_type\fP (input): Indicates the type of digest to do. 
.br
\fIin_fsal_handle\fP (input): The handle to be converted to digest. 
.br
\fIout_buff\fP (output): The buffer where the digest is to be stored.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The major code is ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR is no error occured. Else, it is a non null value. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 196 of file fsal_tools.c.
.SS "fsal_status_t HPSSFSAL_ExpandHandle (hpssfsal_export_context_t * p_expcontext, fsal_digesttype_t in_type, caddr_t in_buff, hpssfsal_handle_t * out_fsal_handle)"FSAL_ExpandHandle : Convert a buffer extracted from NFS handles to an FSAL handle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIin_type\fP (input): Indicates the type of digest to be expanded. 
.br
\fIin_buff\fP (input): Pointer to the digest to be expanded. 
.br
\fIout_fsal_handle\fP (output): The handle built from digest.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The major code is ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR is no error occured. Else, it is a non null value. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 439 of file fsal_tools.c.
.PP
References hpss2fsal_type().
.SS "unsigned int HPSSFSAL_Handle_to_HashIndex (hpssfsal_handle_t * p_handle, unsigned int cookie, unsigned int alphabet_len, unsigned int index_size)"FSAL_Handle_to_HashIndex This function is used for hashing a FSAL handle in order to dispatch entries into the hash table array.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp_handle\fP The handle to be hashed 
.br
\fIcookie\fP Makes it possible to have different hash value for the same handle, when cookie changes. 
.br
\fIalphabet_len\fP Parameter for polynomial hashing algorithm 
.br
\fIindex_size\fP The range of hash value will be [0..index_size-1]
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The hash value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 104 of file fsal_tools.c.
.SS "int HPSSFSAL_handlecmp (hpssfsal_handle_t * handle1, hpssfsal_handle_t * handle2, fsal_status_t * status)"FSAL_handlecmp: Compare 2 handles.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhandle1\fP (input): The first handle to be compared. 
.br
\fIhandle2\fP (input): The second handle to be compared. 
.br
\fIstatus\fP (output): The status of the compare operation.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
- 0 if handles are the same.
.IP "\(bu" 2
A non null value else.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Segfault if status is a NULL pointer. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file fsal_tools.c.
.SS "fsal_status_t HPSSFSAL_load_FSAL_parameter_from_conf (config_file_t in_config, fsal_parameter_t * out_parameter)"FSAL_load_FSAL_parameter_from_conf, FSAL_load_FS_common_parameter_from_conf, FSAL_load_FS_specific_parameter_from_conf:
.PP
Those functions initialize the FSAL init parameter structure from a configuration structure.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIin_config\fP (input): Structure that represents the parsed configuration file. 
.br
\fIout_parameter\fP (ouput) FSAL initialization structure filled according to the configuration file given as parameter.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error) , ERR_FSAL_NOENT (missing a mandatory stanza in config file), ERR_FSAL_INVAL (invalid parameter), ERR_FSAL_SERVERFAULT (unexpected error) ERR_FSAL_FAULT (null pointer given as parameter), 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 616 of file fsal_tools.c.
.SS "fsal_status_t HPSSFSAL_SetDefault_FSAL_parameter (fsal_parameter_t * out_parameter)"Those routines set the default parameters for FSAL init structure. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error) , ERR_FSAL_FAULT (null pointer given as parameter), ERR_FSAL_SERVERFAULT (unexpected error) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 507 of file fsal_tools.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library from the source code.
