.TH "fsal_ioctl.c" 3 "20 Mar 2007" "Version 0.2" "File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_ioctl.c \- Filesystem specific calls. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdarg.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBfsal_named_attr__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFSAL_NB_NAMED_ATTRS\fP   3"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef fsal_named_attr__ \fBfsal_named_attr_t\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBnamed_attr_action_t\fP { \fBNAMEDATTR_GET\fP =  1, \fBNAMEDATTR_SET\fP =  2 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_ioctl\fP (fsal_handle_t *objecthandle, int action_id,...)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Filesystem specific calls. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/07/27 13:30:26 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.4 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBLog\fP.RS 4
\fBfsal_ioctl.c\fP,v 
.RE
.PP
Revision 1.4 2005/07/27 13:30:26 leibovic Adding doxygen comments.
.PP
Revision 1.3 2005/05/27 12:01:22 leibovic Adding write function + fixed seek bug.
.PP
Revision 1.2 2005/02/28 09:36:05 leibovic HPSS FSAL squeleton.
.PP
Revision 1.1 2005/02/24 15:28:49 leibovic Initial version.
.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_ioctl.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_ioctl (fsal_handle_t * objecthandle, int action_id,  ...)"
.PP
FSAL_ioctl: Not implemented.
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: COS, ReadCount, WriteCount
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file fsal_ioctl.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library from the source code.
