.TH "fsal_access.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.2" "File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_access.c \- FSAL access permissions functions.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_access\fP (fsal_handle_t *object_handle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_accessflags_t access_type, fsal_attrib_list_t *object_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
FSAL access permissions functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/17 14:20:07 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.16 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_access.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_access (fsal_handle_t * object_handle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_accessflags_t access_type, fsal_attrib_list_t * object_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_access : Tests whether the user or entity identified by the p_context structure can access the object identified by object_handle, as indicated by the access_type parameter.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobject_handle\fP (input): The handle of the object to test permissions on. 
.br
\fIp_context\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (export entry, user,...). 
.br
\fIaccess_type\fP (input): Indicates the permissions to be tested. This is an inclusive OR of the permissions to be checked for the user specified by p_context. Permissions constants are :
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_R_OK : test for read permission
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_W_OK : test for write permission
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_X_OK : test for exec permission
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_F_OK : test for file existence 
.PP
.br
\fIobject_attributes\fP (optional input/output): The post operation attributes for the object. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). Can be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error, asked permission is granted)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_ACCESS (object permissions doesn't fit asked access type)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_STALE (object_handle does not address an existing object)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Other error codes when something anormal occurs. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file fsal_access.c.
.PP
References fsal2hpss_testperm(), FSAL_getattrs(), hpss2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.PP
Referenced by FSAL_opendir().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library from the source code.
