.TH "fsal_attrs.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.2" "File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_attrs.c \- Attributes functions. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HPSSclapiExt/hpssclapiext.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_getattrs\fP (fsal_handle_t *filehandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t *object_attributes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_setattrs\fP (fsal_handle_t *filehandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t *attrib_set, fsal_attrib_list_t *object_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Attributes functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/09/09 15:22:49 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.19 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_attrs.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_getattrs (fsal_handle_t * filehandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t * object_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_getattrs: Get attributes for the object specified by its filehandle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilehandle\fP (input): The handle of the object to get parameters. 
.br
\fIp_context\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user, export...). 
.br
\fIobject_attributes\fP (mandatory input/output): The retrieved attributes for the object. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains).
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_STALE (object_handle does not address an existing object)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file fsal_attrs.c.
.PP
References hpss2fsal_attributes(), hpss2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.PP
Referenced by FSAL_access(), FSAL_link(), FSAL_lookup(), FSAL_readlink(), FSAL_rename(), FSAL_setattrs(), FSAL_truncate(), and FSAL_unlink().
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_setattrs (fsal_handle_t * filehandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t * attrib_set, fsal_attrib_list_t * object_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_setattrs: Set attributes for the object specified by its filehandle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilehandle\fP (input): The handle of the object to get parameters. 
.br
\fIp_context\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIattrib_set\fP (mandatory input): The attributes to be set for the object. It defines the attributes that the caller wants to set and their values. 
.br
\fIobject_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): The post operation attributes for the object. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_STALE (object_handle does not address an existing object)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_INVAL (tried to modify a read-only attribute)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_ATTRNOTSUPP (tried to modify a non-supported attribute)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Another error code if an error occured. NB: if getting postop attributes failed, the function does not return an error but the FSAL_ATTR_RDATTR_ERR bit is set in the object_attributes->asked_attributes field.
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: chown restricted seems to be OK. 
.PP
voir pourquoi hpss_fattr_out ne contient pas ce qu'il devrait contenir
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 138 of file fsal_attrs.c.
.PP
References fsal2hpss_attribset(), FSAL_getattrs(), hpss2fsal_attributes(), hpss2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library from the source code.
