.TH "fsal_truncate.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.2" "File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_truncate.c \- Truncate function.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_truncate\fP (fsal_handle_t *filehandle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_size_t length, fsal_file_t *file_descriptor, fsal_attrib_list_t *object_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Truncate function. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/07/29 09:39:05 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.4 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_truncate.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_truncate (fsal_handle_t * filehandle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_size_t length, fsal_file_t * file_descriptor, fsal_attrib_list_t * object_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_truncate: Modify the data length of a regular file.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilehandle\fP (input): Handle of the file is to be truncated. 
.br
\fIcred\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIlength\fP (input): The new data length for the file. 
.br
\fIobject_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): The post operation attributes of the file. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_STALE (filehandle does not address an existing object)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_INVAL (filehandle does not address a regular file)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Other error codes can be returned : ERR_FSAL_ACCESS, ERR_FSAL_IO, ... 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 52 of file fsal_truncate.c.
.PP
References fsal2hpss_64(), FSAL_getattrs(), hpss2fsal_error(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library from the source code.
