.TH "fsal_dirs.c" 3 "9 Apr 2008" "Version 0.2" "File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_dirs.c \- Directory browsing operations. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HPSSclapiExt/hpssclapiext.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_opendir\fP (fsal_handle_t *dir_handle, fsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_dir_t *dir_descriptor, fsal_attrib_list_t *dir_attributes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_readdir\fP (fsal_dir_t *dir_descriptor, fsal_cookie_t start_position, fsal_attrib_mask_t get_attr_mask, fsal_mdsize_t buffersize, fsal_dirent_t *pdirent, fsal_cookie_t *end_position, fsal_count_t *nb_entries, fsal_boolean_t *end_of_dir)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBFSAL_closedir\fP (fsal_dir_t *dir_descriptor)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Directory browsing operations. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/07/29 09:39:04 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.10 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_dirs.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_closedir (fsal_dir_t * dir_descriptor)"
.PP
FSAL_closedir : Free the resources allocated for reading directory entries.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdir_descriptor\fP (input): Pointer to a directory descriptor filled by FSAL_opendir.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Other error codes can be returned : ERR_FSAL_IO, ... 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 304 of file fsal_dirs.c.
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_opendir (fsal_handle_t * dir_handle, fsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_dir_t * dir_descriptor, fsal_attrib_list_t * dir_attributes)"
.PP
FSAL_opendir : Opens a directory for reading its content.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdir_handle\fP (input) the handle of the directory to be opened. 
.br
\fIp_context\fP (input) Permission context for the operation (user, export context...). 
.br
\fIdir_descriptor\fP (output) pointer to an allocated structure that will receive directory stream informations, on successfull completion. 
.br
\fIdir_attributes\fP (optional output) On successfull completion,the structure pointed by dir_attributes receives the new directory attributes. Can be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_ACCESS (user does not have read permission on directory)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_STALE (dir_handle does not address an existing object)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Other error codes can be returned : ERR_FSAL_IO, ... 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file fsal_dirs.c.
.PP
References FSAL_access().
.SS "fsal_status_t FSAL_readdir (fsal_dir_t * dir_descriptor, fsal_cookie_t start_position, fsal_attrib_mask_t get_attr_mask, fsal_mdsize_t buffersize, fsal_dirent_t * pdirent, fsal_cookie_t * end_position, fsal_count_t * nb_entries, fsal_boolean_t * end_of_dir)"
.PP
FSAL_readdir : Read the entries of an opened directory.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdir_descriptor\fP (input): Pointer to the directory descriptor filled by FSAL_opendir. 
.br
\fIstart_position\fP (input): Cookie that indicates the first object to be read during this readdir operation. This should be :
.IP "\(bu" 2
FSAL_READDIR_FROM_BEGINNING for reading the content of the directory from the beginning.
.IP "\(bu" 2
The end_position parameter returned by the previous call to FSAL_readdir. 
.PP
.br
\fIget_attr_mask\fP (input) Specify the set of attributes to be retrieved for directory entries. 
.br
\fIbuffersize\fP (input) The size (in bytes) of the buffer where the direntries are to be stored. 
.br
\fIpdirent\fP (output) Adresse of the buffer where the direntries are to be stored. 
.br
\fIend_position\fP (output) Cookie that indicates the current position in the directory. 
.br
\fInb_entries\fP (output) Pointer to the number of entries read during the call. 
.br
\fIend_of_dir\fP (output) Pointer to a boolean that indicates if the end of dir has been reached during the call.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Other error codes can be returned : ERR_FSAL_IO, ...
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: does handle provide mounted_on_fileid ? 
.PP
: test returned status
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 117 of file fsal_dirs.c.
.PP
References FSAL_str2name(), hpss2fsal_attributes(), hpss2fsal_error(), hpss2fsal_type(), hpssHandle2fsalAttributes(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library from the source code.
