.TH "fsal_rename.c" 3 "15 Sep 2010" "Version 0.2" "File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fsal_rename.c \- 
.PP
object renaming/moving function.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_internal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_convert.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal_common.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <hpss_errno.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "fsal_status_t \fBHPSSFSAL_rename\fP (hpssfsal_handle_t *old_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t *p_old_name, hpssfsal_handle_t *new_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t *p_new_name, hpssfsal_op_context_t *p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t *src_dir_attributes, fsal_attrib_list_t *tgt_dir_attributes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
object renaming/moving function. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/24 13:45:37 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.9 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBfsal_rename.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "fsal_status_t HPSSFSAL_rename (hpssfsal_handle_t * old_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t * p_old_name, hpssfsal_handle_t * new_parentdir_handle, fsal_name_t * p_new_name, hpssfsal_op_context_t * p_context, fsal_attrib_list_t * src_dir_attributes, fsal_attrib_list_t * tgt_dir_attributes)"FSAL_rename: Change name and/or parent dir of a filesystem object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIold_parentdir_handle\fP (input): Source parent directory of the object is to be moved/renamed. 
.br
\fIp_old_name\fP (input): Pointer to the current name of the object to be moved/renamed. 
.br
\fInew_parentdir_handle\fP (input): Target parent directory for the object. 
.br
\fIp_new_name\fP (input): Pointer to the new name for the object. 
.br
\fIp_context\fP (input): Authentication context for the operation (user,...). 
.br
\fIsrc_dir_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): Post operation attributes for the source directory. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL. 
.br
\fItgt_dir_attributes\fP (optionnal input/output): Post operation attributes for the target directory. As input, it defines the attributes that the caller wants to retrieve (by positioning flags into this structure) and the output is built considering this input (it fills the structure according to the flags it contains). May be NULL.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Major error codes :
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NO_ERROR (no error)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_STALE (a parent directory handle does not address an existing object)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NOTDIR (a parent directory handle does not address a directory)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NOENT (the object designated by p_old_name does not exist)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_NOTEMPTY (the target object is a non empty directory)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_XDEV (tried to move an object across different filesystems)
.IP "\(bu" 2
ERR_FSAL_FAULT (a NULL pointer was passed as mandatory argument)
.IP "\(bu" 2
Other error codes can be returned : ERR_FSAL_ACCESS, ERR_FSAL_IO, ... 
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file fsal_rename.c.
.PP
References hpss2fsal_error(), HPSSFSAL_getattrs(), and TakeTokenFSCall().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File System Abstraction Layer (HPSS) library from the source code.
