.TH "cache_content_add_entry.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "File Content layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_content_add_entry.c \- Management of the file content cache: adding a new entry.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fcntl.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_content_entry_t * \fBcache_content_new_entry\fP (cache_entry_t *pentry_inode, cache_content_spec_data_t *pspecdata, cache_content_client_t *pclient, cache_content_add_behaviour_t how, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_content_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Management of the file content cache: adding a new entry. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:02:32 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.12 
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_content_add_entry.c\fP : Management of the file content cache: adding a new entry. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_content_add_entry.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_content_entry_t* cache_content_new_entry (cache_entry_t * pentry_inode, cache_content_spec_data_t * pspecdata, cache_content_client_t * pclient, cache_content_add_behaviour_t how, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_content_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_content_new_entry: adds an entry to the file content cache.
.PP
Adds an entry to the file content cache. This routine should be called only from the cache_inode layer.
.PP
No lock management is done in this layer: the related pentry in the cache inode layer is locked and will prevent from concurent accesses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry_inode\fP [IN] entry in cache_inode layer for this file. 
.br
\fIpspecdata\fP [IN] pointer to the entry's specific data 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [IN] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management.  [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_SUCCESS is successful . 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file cache_content_add_entry.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File Content layer from the source code.
