.TH "cache_content_release_entry.c" 3 "15 Sep 2010" "Version 0.1" "File Content layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_content_release_entry.c \- 
.PP
Management of the file content cache: release an entry.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_macros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fcntl.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_content_status_t \fBcache_content_release_entry\fP (cache_content_entry_t *pentry, cache_content_client_t *pclient, cache_content_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Management of the file content cache: release an entry. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:02:33 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.7 
.RE
.PP
\fBcache_content_release_entry.c\fP : Management of the file content cache: release an entry. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_content_release_entry.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_content_status_t cache_content_release_entry (cache_content_entry_t * pentry, cache_content_client_t * pclient, cache_content_status_t * pstatus)"cache_content_release_entry: removes an entry from the cache and free the associated resources.
.PP
Removes an entry from the cache and free the associated resources.
.PP
No lock management is done in this layer: the related pentry in the cache inode layer is locked and will prevent from concurent accesses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpentry\fP [IN] entry in file content layer for this file. 
.br
\fIpclient\fP [IN] ressource allocated by the client for the nfs management.  [OUT] returned status.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_SUCCESS is successful, other values show an error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file cache_content_release_entry.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File Content layer from the source code.
