.TH "cache_content_init.c" 3 "15 Sep 2010" "Version 0.1" "File Content layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_content_init.c \- 
.PP
Management of the file content cache: initialisation.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stuff_alloc.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_macros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcache_content_init\fP (cache_content_client_parameter_t param, cache_content_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcache_content_init_dir\fP (cache_content_client_parameter_t param, unsigned short export_id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcache_content_client_init\fP (cache_content_client_t *pclient, cache_content_client_parameter_t param)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Management of the file content cache: initialisation. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
deniel 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/11/28 17:02:33 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.8 
.RE
.PP
cache_content.c : Management of the file content cache: initialisation.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
leibovic 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2006/01/24 13:46:35 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
\fBRevision\fP.RS 4
1.8 
.RE
.PP
cache_content.c : Management of the file content cache: initialisation. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_content_init.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int cache_content_client_init (cache_content_client_t * pclient, cache_content_client_parameter_t param)"cache_content_client_init: Init the ressource necessary for the cache content client.
.PP
Init the ressource necessary for the cache content client.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] the parameter for this client 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] pointer to buffer used to store the status for the operation.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if operation failed, -1 if failed. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 128 of file cache_content_init.c.
.SS "int cache_content_init (cache_content_client_parameter_t param, cache_content_status_t * pstatus)"cache_inode_init: Init the ressource necessary for the cache inode management.
.PP
Init the ressource necessary for the cache inode management.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] the parameter for this cache. 
.br
\fIpstatus\fP [OUT] pointer to buffer used to store the status for the operation.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if operation failed, -1 if failed. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file cache_content_init.c.
.SS "int cache_content_init_dir (cache_content_client_parameter_t param, unsigned short export_id)"cache_content_init_dir: Init the directory for caching entries from a given export id.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP [IN] the parameter for this cache. 
.br
\fIexport_id\fP [IN] export id for the entries to be cached.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 if ok, -1 otherwise. Errno will be set with the error's value. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 101 of file cache_content_init.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File Content layer from the source code.
