.TH "cache_content_emergency_flush.c" 3 "31 Mar 2009" "Version 0.1" "File Content layer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cache_content_emergency_flush.c \- Emergency flush for forcing flush of data cached files to FSAL.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'LRU_List.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'log_functions.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashData.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HashTable.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'fsal.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'nfs_core.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_inode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'cache_content.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/param.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <dirent.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/stat.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cache_content_status_t \fBcache_content_emergency_flush\fP (char *cachedir, cache_content_flush_behaviour_t flushhow, unsigned int lw_mark_trigger_flag, time_t grace_period, unsigned int index, unsigned int mod, unsigned int *p_nb_flushed, unsigned int *p_nb_too_young, unsigned int *p_nb_errors, unsigned int *p_nb_orphans, fsal_op_context_t *pcontext, cache_content_status_t *pstatus)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBcache_content_dir_errno\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Emergency flush for forcing flush of data cached files to FSAL. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
$Author$ 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
$Date$ 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
$Revision$ \fBcache_content_emergency_flush.c\fP : Emergency flush for forcing flush of data cached files to FSAL. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBcache_content_emergency_flush.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cache_content_status_t cache_content_emergency_flush (char * cachedir, cache_content_flush_behaviour_t flushhow, unsigned int lw_mark_trigger_flag, time_t grace_period, unsigned int index, unsigned int mod, unsigned int * p_nb_flushed, unsigned int * p_nb_too_young, unsigned int * p_nb_errors, unsigned int * p_nb_orphans, fsal_op_context_t * pcontext, cache_content_status_t * pstatus)"
.PP
cache_content_emergency_flush: Flushes the content of a file in the local cache to the FSAL data.
.PP
Flushes the content of a file in the local cache to the FSAL data. This routine should be called only from the cache_inode layer.
.PP
No lock management is done in this layer: the related pentry in the cache inode layer is locked and will prevent from concurent accesses.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcachedir\fP [IN] cachedir the filesystem where the cache resides 
.br
\fIflushhow\fP [IN] should we delete local files or not ? 
.br
\fIlw_mark_trig\fP [IN] shpuld we purge until low water mark is reached ? 
.br
\fIgrace_period\fP [IN] grace_period The grace period for a file before being considered for deletion 
.br
\fIp_nb_flushed\fP [INOUT] current flushed count 
.br
\fIp_nb_errors\fP [INOUT] current flush errors 
.br
\fIp_nb_orphans\fP [INOUT] current orphan files detected 
.br
\fIpcontext\fP [INOUT] pcontext the FSAL context for this operation 
.br
\fIpstatys\fP [OUT] the status of the operation.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CACHE_CONTENT_SUCCESS if successful, an error otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 156 of file cache_content_emergency_flush.c.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned int \fBcache_content_dir_errno\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file cache_content_misc.c.
.SS "nfs_parameter_t \fBnfs_param\fP"
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for File Content layer from the source code.
